Add documentation about when render sets output_format options from YAML parameters (#1907)
rstudio/rmarkdown: NEWS.md

- Fixed a bug that a chunk with a class `fold-hide` hides the rest of the chunks even the output format setting `html_document(code_folding = "show")` (thanks, @atusy, #1906).

> - Updated documentation for `render` to make it clearer how options are set for the `output_format` parameter (See <https://github.com/rstudio/bookdown/issues/930>) (thanks, @jonathan-g, #1907)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated documentation for `render()` to make it clearer how options are set for the `output_format` parameter (thanks, @jonathan-g, #1907 and rstudio/bookdown#930).
```
